README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

build: update README to give a clear overview of what this project is meant to be

README.md, after:

# www.GuillemAndreu.com

My personal site. a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project.

## What is this project?

This site is as much an experimentation tool as it is a way to have some fully-owned web presence. It is never considered finished or complete.

The way some details on the site are built might seem overkill in many cases. That's by design, I probably wanted to test or play with a different tech or approach at the time, "the right tool for the job" in this project is not so much what's better for the project by what's better for me at the time to learn more about.

## Why Next.js for this project?

I'm most familiar with React in terms of reactivity on the web and a framework like Next.js gives me a solid base to experiment on.

## Previous iterations of the site

Previous iterations of the site include:

- fully static "by-hand" HTML builds,
- using PHP for templating,
- a [Wordpress](https://wordpress.org) theme,
- built with [Ghost](https://ghost.org),
- as a static site built with [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.com),
- and many more that I can't remember anymore.

Some of these iterations live here on [my GitHub profile](https://github.com/guill3m?tab=repositories), some are from before I even knew what Git was so they only live in some dusty hard drive.
